Fixed #34871, #36518 -- Implemented unresolved lookup expression replacement. (#19190)
django/django: docs/releases/5.2.5.txt

* Fixed a crash in Django 5.2 when filtering against a composite primary key
  using a tuple containing expressions (:ticket:`36522`).

> * Fixed a crash in Django 5.2 when performing validation of model making use
>   of ``GeneratedField`` or constraints composed of ``Q`` and ``Case`` lookups

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a crash in Django 5.2 when validating a model that uses
  ``GeneratedField`` or constraints composed of ``Q`` and ``Case`` lookups
```
(possibly)
